    We are totally 10 within the team including me:
    PO (Alam) is mainly responsible to discover
    what the business needs, writing user
    stories with acceptance criteria,
    analyzing detailed requirements during the sprint.
    He is a sort of combined PO and BA at the same time.
    We also have a Test Lead (David) who is responsible
    for all the functional and automation testers.
    Technically I coordinate with him
    if I have any impediment in terms of test issues.

    1 Product Owner (PO & BA) (Alam)
    1 Scrum Master (Joe)
    5 Developers (David, RADIKA, silaman, Rohan, Naman)
    2 Automation Engineers (Ramya and me)
    1 Manual Tester (ROSY)
    Our sprints are two weeks long and starts on every other Tuesday
    •	Grooming 			==> Tuesday  9-10 (my team)
    •	Retro				==> Tuesday  at 2pm (my team)
    •	Sprint Planning	==> First Wednesday at 09-10pm (my team)
    •	Daily Stand Up	            ==> Every day at 10 (my team)
    •	Demo				==> Every other Monday at 11am (my team)

    -	Daily Stand Up	==> Everyday at 10-10:15 (my team)
    -	Code review 	==> Second Tuesday at 2pm (only QA Lead and Testers)


     Day1 Tuesday:
     We start the sprint with
     the Sprint planning
     meeting which takes place on
     Wednesday morning at 9:00.
     We go over and analyse the
     user stories acceptance
     criteria and provide feedback
     to improve the testability
     of acceptance
     criteria of the user stories.
     I make sure every user story
     and respective acceptance
     criteria is clear.

     Day-2-3 Wednesday,Thursday,Friday:
     Then test lead creates the test plan on Jira.
     Once I find my user stories, I start
     to analyze them in order figure
     out the requirements elaborately.
     After writing test steps on Jira,
     I send a message to developer,
     QA Lead and PO to check my steps
     whether it covers all requirements or not.



    Day,4,5,6 Monday-Tuesday:
     Our framework is based on
     BDD using Page Object Model.
     Until the code arrives to my environment,
     just by analyzing the user stories
     and acceptance criteria
     I can prepare the feature file with the scenario,
     step definition class with the methods,
     and page class without locating
     the respective WebElements.
     All I need is the location of the WebElements.
     As soon as the codes are deployed
     into QA environment,
     I locate the WebElements
     and update my work. That is it.
     We have a code review meeting
     as QA team to make sure test
     case itself is correct,
     codes are clear enough,
     there is no duplicate and
     bad coding and we are on the same page with others.

    Day8 Thursday:
     Second Wednesday and Thursday
     is the code freeze day and there
     is no deployment in order make
     sure that environment is stable enough
     to execute regression test.
     Regression is executed through Jenkins around 1am.
     After getting the regression test results,
     I start to analyze them with my test team.
     (What is expected/unexpected result? In which case what do I need to do?)
     How we combine with Manuel side?
     At the same day of the regression, we have also grooming meeting for next sprint.
     PO explains the user stories and related acceptance criteria together
      with client perspective. We point the user stories with fibonacci series.

    Day9 Friday:
     We start preparing report namely "Agile Test Report Document".
     This document is generated by Jira Xray, in which you can find,
     the results of the automated test results and manual test results as well.
      In addition, you can see how many test cases were executed,
      how many of them automated and how many of them manually executed.
      Information about the detected defects, if they are fixed or deferred.
      (If there is no time to fix the defect, then I set up a meeting
      with QA Lead, System Analyst and the Chief Of Technology Officer
      (CTO) and if CTO approves that defect is labeled as "known issue"
      and deferred. (This is valid for defects found in minor features,
      which has almost no impact on the whole system.)

    Day10 Monday:
     Now we are ready for Demo Meeting on Monday morning at 11am.
     PO presents the product of the sprint to our Sales Team.
     Retro meeting is at the same day afternoon where we discuss
     what went well and what we should stop
     doing and what could be achieved better.

