     I go to office at 9 in the morning,
     first thing I check my emails for
     the smoke test result which is
     scheduled to execute at 6 am
     in order to see the application is up and
     running and environment is stable.
     At the end of execution it will auto
     generate a report and sends out to the QA team.

     If there is any issue I will rerun
     the smoke test and analyze it.
         If it is a service issue,
         I immediately contact DevOps.
         If it is about my scripts,
         I debug my scripts.
         If it is a bug, I log the defect.

     Then I check all my emails to make sure
     that I am not missing anything from yesterday.
     And I also check Jira board to review
     what needs to be done on that day in which priority.
     I also like taking notes and creating
     my own daily agenda on my notebook.
     I check if I have something special
     to do but not officially written in Outlook or Jira.

      Now, I am ready for the daily scrum meeting
      which takes place at 10:00 every day and
      regularly takes 20 minutes. We discuss what
      we did yesterday, what we are going to do
      today and more importantly if there is
      any impediment holding me to do my job.

      Then I go back to my desk and start
       working on my test scripts.
       We have a CORE HOUR policy till
       12.00 for 2 hours and everybody
       heads down and work at that time period,
       no distraction, no one can set up any meeting.

      My tasks differs depending
      on which part of sprint we are.
      Let's say if it is early sprint
      I would participate in planning
      meeting where we go over the user
      stories again and then I start working
       on writing test scripts.
      Towards the mid sprint where the code
      is being deployed I would complete
      my automation and start execution.
      If it is towards to the end of the
      sprint I would be busy with getting
      reports ready and participate in
      demo and retro at the end of the sprint.
      Also every second Tuesday of the sprint
      we have code review meeting among QA team.
      So this is basically my daily activities.

